okay so here we are with Ridge Racer
this is one of the latest racing games
to be released on android so it proves a
a really good kind of test throwing the
latest games i think we're also going to
take a look at dead trigger 2 will just
give her a little bit of footage of this
really just to kind of get a feel for
how it's going to work it's also papa
audio up a little bit so you can get a
sense from him soon as well see how this
place now on the Nexus 5 when I've
played this game I found it to be pretty
good but can have some framerate issues
going into corners and onto some of the
tracks so let's just see let me get here
pops that should have actually going for
a slide there rather than trying to turn
the corner normally certainly there's
not a lot to grumble about here I didn't
say yeah that does feel a little bit
more fluid and responsive what you found
is sometimes when you come in and
actually try and put a drift on get a
little bit of kind of frame rate lag
through it that is actually
substantially better i would so a little
bit glitching there is the fill rate
spins around or just as the Cartwright's
itself again that is feeling pretty good
actually I wouldn't say it's perfect
though you see when those smoke trails
come out the back of the car from the
tire burn that actually it does lag a
little bit of those but I would say that
is certainly an improvement over the
Nexus 5 but not by much it's marginal I
would say obviously I'm going to have to
play a lot more games to get a really
good feel for it but yeah I would say
that is definitely an improvement of the
nexus 5 but it's only marginal only
marginal right let's have a look at dead
trigger 2 shall we something with a bit
more of a first-person shooter action
going on and obviously very high
detailed textures it tends to make quite
a ghost good test for any device let's
switch over never look at that watching
we hope you enjoyed this video do please
remember to like and comment and if
you'd like to please subscribe you can
also visit our website and download our
Android app if you do subscribe
you'll be getting a daily dose of the
latest tech news Hardware reviews
android games consoles and basically an
honest opinion direct from the UK stay
tuned stay androidizen